So block level functions are really similar to lead in concert variables and that whenever you use them
they're only going to be available inside of this code block in perhaps any nested block level scopes
that I have or any other kind of scope that I have nested inside of here.
They'll be able to access them but once execution flows outside of this code block it's no longer available
which is good to know.
Now with that being said you can decide between using something like a let function expression and using
a block level function like for example right here what I can do is I'll make a copy of this.
Common this out after I copied it and then I'm going to copy like so and then I'm just going to turn
this into left foo equals like so and then after that you'll see if I try to do this I get an uncaught
reference error because I'm using typeof on foo right here.
Now if I comment this out and then you see it's actually printing out foo like it's supposed to.
And that's because once again when you were you when we use Scuse me and Konst variables the function
is not hoisted.
OK.
We don't do any hoisting because if you use a function like an expression it gets treated like an expression.
And in this case let variables do not hoist.
And so this will stay right here.
So it'll be in the TTC.
Meaning that if you try to reference it before it's defined and initiate initialized then you won't
be able to access it.
You can only access it after it's been initialized like what I do here.
So with that being said you can decide to use function expressions with left or using block level functions
depending on if you want the hoisting behavior or not.